Update on_opensuse.md (#139)
crystal-lang/crystal-website: install/on_opensuse.md

---
subtitle: On OpenSUSE and SUSE Linux Enterprise (SLE)
---

> On OpenSUSE, Crystal can be installed from the official repo using Zypper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On OpenSUSE, Crystal can be installed from the official repository hosted on the [Open Build Service](https://build.opensuse.org) using Zypper.
```
